[doc] CDC docs changes for 2024.2.2 release (#25794)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/change-data-capture.md

COMMIT 3
```

> The yugabyte semantics are different from Postgres when it comes to streaming added tables to a publication. Refer the [yugabyte semantics](../develop/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/advanced-topic.md#yugabytedb-semantics) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YugabyteDB semantics are different from PostgreSQL when it comes to streaming added tables to a publication. Refer the [YugabyteDB semantics](../develop/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/advanced-topic.md#yugabytedb-semantics) for more details.
```

> YugabyteDB semantics are different from PostgreSQL when it comes to streaming added tables to a publication. Refer the [YugabyteDB semantics](../develop/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/advanced-topic.md#yugabytedb-semantics) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
YugabyteDB semantics are different from PostgreSQL when it comes to streaming added tables to a publication. Refer to [YugabyteDB semantics](../../develop/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/advanced-topic.md#yugabytedb-semantics) for more details.
```
